BETA Terms and License Agreement, Rules, Privacy Policy

Bonly is completely free and we never sell your personal data or pass on your email address unless you tell us to.

Terms & License Agreement

Welcome to participate in free giveaway platform!

You have been invited to participate in private BETA testing. As this is a private testing, you are not allowed to share information in this platform with third parties.

If you have not been invited to participate in this BETA testing personally, you must not use the Bonly app and platform.

The Platform is operated by Bonly. You can contact us via e-mail: bonlyestonia@gmail.com, Facebook: Bonly, Instagram: BonlyOfficial or LinkedIn: Bonly. Bonly is located in Estonia, therefore, follows the Constitution of Estonia.

By using the Website, you confirm that you are at least 14 years old, accept these Terms of Website Use and that you agree to comply with them. You further confirm that your use of the Website shall be in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations applicable to you in Estonia or elsewhere.
If you do not agree to the Terms of Website Use, you must not use the Website
If you create an account to use the Website, you will be able to enter free prize draws offered by Bonly (each a “Competition” and together the “Competitions”).
All Competitions offered by Bonly via the Website are free prize draws; these prize draws are not licensable gambling or betting services and are not regulated by the Gambling Commission.
By entering any Competition you accept that you are entering into an arrangement solely between you and Bonly, and that you will have no right to appeal to or otherwise involve the Gambling Commission (or any other third party) in the event of any dispute.
You agree that, in the event of any dispute as to the winner of a Competition, Bonly shall have sole authority to decide which, if any, party is the winner of any Competition. You further accept that Bonly shall be under no obligation to enter into any correspondence with users in relation to any dispute.


Test period rules

Prizes are completely free for prize draw winners and Bonly takes care of the logistics.

Prize draw tickets can be acquired by points.

Every week there will be new opportunities for an user to collect points.

User can choose a preferred prize draw when he or she has enough points that is demanded to participate in this particular draw.

Last day to redeem prize draw tickets is 17.01.2021

Prize draws will take place after the third test week, approximately 18.01.2021 but at the latest 01.02.2021

Prizes are drawn randomly.

Bonly is obligated to contact an user when he or she has won a prize.

User is allowed to use only one account. If you are using multiple accounts, Bonly will delete all of your accounts and will deny you of your winnings.
Bonly reserves the right to make changes in test period rules, however, changes have to be done in goodwill.


Privacy
When it comes to your personal data, Bonly does everything possible to keep your data safe.
We use your data only for common practices and we wont exploit your data. 
 
Data will be used to identify your account, communicate with you and inform you of your winnings.
 
By signing up you agree that we collect your following data:
	Name
	E-mail
 
We won’t give your personal information to others without asking you directly.
 
Your data will be deleted after the test period has ended (01.02.2021 at the latest)
 
If, for any reason, you would like us to delete your data earlier, contact us via e-mail: bonlyestonia@gmail.com.
 
Bonly has a right to collect and process your answers given in our platform. 
 
By joining this platform you allow Bonly to present your answers in a generalized manner to third parties so that Bonly could demonstrate how this platform works.
 
Bonly is not allowed to present your answer data individually but only in generalized form.
 
Bonly has the permission to collect and process your feedback.
 
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, terms and license agreement and other legal issues, then feel free to contact us via e-mail: bonlyestonia@gmail.com
